After watching the movie, people must think that I am stupid.
But this is not entirely true, three points are stupid
Seven points pressure
You just said "stupid"?
Right, right! Look, I started to attack.
let us start!
Welcome back to "War", I am Tom Scott.
I am David Bodycombe.
Today is a knockout
Winners enter the finals
Lost people eliminated
There is no doubt that this is a revenge game.
The two sides of the battle are exactly the same as the first round. Steven Bridge is on the Emma Blackery.
Last time, Steven won the game with a guessing fist.
But that is by observing the opponent’s psychological activities.
Basically, it is to see your sensitivity to mental activities.
What are we going to play today?
Because of the dead bucket mode, the elimination of the loss
So what I want to play is the game I invented called "Quiz Buzz".
Oh my god, okay. This is a test of general knowledge and mental arithmetic
That's right, it's the same as Fizz Buzz* playing at school.
But here we don't use Fizz and Buzz instead of numbers.
But answer specific questions
Wait a minute, you will know.
The answer is wrong or not within 5 seconds
Returning the problem is a lose
Win three points first to win
Ok, players, now start the first round.
The condition is to replace the multiple of 5 with the state name of the United States,
Replace the multiple of 11 with the name of James Pound’s movie
James Pound’s movie, I don’t know.
Ok? All right
Guessing the order
Very good, you come first
No problem, 1
new York
[噗噗] Wrong, ten wrong.
10 is a multiple of 5
Emma: Oh no! Tom: It turns out that
Emma: I didn't expect Tom: I didn't notice 齁
After watching this movie, people will probably say: Oh, she didn’t...
But when you are on the stage, it’s just two things.
I must look very embarrassed now.
Oh, the pressure is too big.
I only remember 5 and 11 and then there are only odd numbers in my mind.
Maybe the first attack is not a good idea.
The first attack means that you will encounter odd numbers.
Because the problem only occurs in odd numbers (with multiples of it)
Otherwise, the same person will answer the question.
So the first attack is relatively simple, just remember the odd number.
But your opponent has to remember to multiply by 2
That's right, but it also means that you will get into the situation one step earlier.
Yes, I didn’t think she would go wrong there.
I didn't notice (the multiple of 3 is replaced by the element on the periodic table)
I can't think of an element (the multiple of 3 is replaced by the element on the periodic table)
Of course, I can still think of some, but not enough (the multiple of 3 is replaced by the element on the periodic table)
1 (multiple of 13 is replaced by the place name of the British Monopoly game)
2 (multiple of 13 is replaced by the place name of the British Monopoly game)
Boron (B) (multiple of 13 is replaced by the place name of the British Monopoly game)
Iron (Fe)? I talked about "boron" from the beginning.
铍(Be)
This is very simple
呃...10
[噗噗] Wrong! Wrong answer!
Multiples of 3!
Steven: Hey! Damn it! Emma: Water!
I like the expression of his face, "Hey?"
You said a bunch of things I have never heard of!
Let’s pick it up briefly, then your opponent can’t use it.
You should pick something like oxygen (O) or 氦 (He).
I intended to use it later, but...
That's right, but I don't know why my brain only wants to get metal.
I think your problem is not that.
Factorization is!
They are still full of scary
Their scary efforts are still very powerful.
I am even thinking about something like a planet, such as a meditation element?
Is that on the periodic table? ..... Oh, forget it.
I still want to mention that Pluto is not a planet.
In our hearts it has always been a planet
We know that it is a planet that is not big enough to be... (planet)
Isn't the puppy a dog? You are really
What is it, it is obviously different, not just a small dog.
Here to remind you that players can't see the information on the screen.
They can only rely on their own memories
(Multiple of 7 is replaced by the King James Version) (Multiple of 9 is replaced by the summer or winter Olympic host city)
1 (Multiple of 7 is replaced by the King James Version) (Multiple of 9 is replaced by the summer or winter Olympic host city)
2 (Multiple of 7 is replaced by the King James Version) (Multiple of 9 is replaced by the summer or winter Olympic host city)
3 (Multiple of 7 is replaced by the King James Version) (Multiple of 9 is replaced by the summer or winter Olympic host city)
4 (Multiple of 7 is replaced by the King James Version) (Multiple of 9 is replaced by the summer or winter Olympic host city)
5 (Multiple of 7 is replaced by the King James Version) (Multiple of 9 is replaced by the summer or winter Olympic host city)
6 (Multiple of 7 is replaced by the King James Version) (Multiple of 9 is replaced by the summer or winter Olympic host city)
Revelation
Steven: Hey... London Tom: He remembers Yeah.
Luke Gospel
Bayu.... Rio?
That's right! She almost said Brazil, although not right.
But we will be accommodating
19 ?
20...?
Steven: Hey....John Gospel: Just catching up.
twenty two
twenty three
twenty four
Wrong! [噗噗] This should be said that the Olympic host city喔
Damn! 9, 18, 27!
Oh, good to add!
Currently Emma 2 is better than Steven 1, so I came to the deciding game.
I want to tell you, I really don't like ABBA.
Come on, 1 (multiple of 5 is replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 is replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
2 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
3 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
4 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
Cameron (referred to as David Cameron) (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
呃...6 ! (Multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (Multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
7 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
8 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
Gimme Gimme Gimme (Annoying Autumn Wind Original) (Multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (Multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
呃 ......Blair (referring to Tony Blair) (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single in the UK)
11 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
12 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
13 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
14 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
Attlee (referring to Clement Attlee) (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
16 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
17 (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
Money Money Money (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single on the UK leaderboard)
Brown (referring to Gordon Brown) (multiple of 5 replaced by the British Prime Minister's last name) (multiple of 9 replaced by ABBA's single in the UK)
[噗噗] Wrong! 19 is a prime number!
Oh no!
Prime numbers are always safe
I have a lot of research on politicians. I should have a good answer in the "Quality Minister ***".
I seem to be falling behind.
It’s 2 to 2, and both sides are now entering the deciding game.
The next winner will enter the finals.
Tom: The loser will be eliminated. David: It’s a drop.
Emma: Going on! Steven: Ok, okay, okay.
1 (multiple of 3 is replaced by NATO phonetic alphabet) (multiple of 11 is replaced by Shakespeare's play)
2 (multiple of 3 is replaced by NATO phonetic alphabet) (multiple of 11 is replaced by Shakespeare's play)
Alpha (multiple of 3 replaced by NATO phonetic alphabet) (multiple of 11 replaced by Shakespeare's play)
4 (multiple of 3 is replaced by NATO phonetic alphabet) (multiple of 11 is replaced by Shakespeare's play)
5 (multiple of 3 is replaced by NATO phonetic alphabet) (multiple of 11 is replaced by Shakespeare's play)
Hey... wait a minute! Bravo (multiple of 3 replaced by NATO phonetic alphabet) (multiple of 11 replaced by Shakespeare's play)
Tom: Almost! They should be intended to be in alphabetical order (multiple of 3 replaced by NATO phonetic alphabet) (multiple of 11 replaced by Shakespeare's play)
7 (multiple of 3 is replaced by NATO phonetic alphabet) (multiple of 11 is replaced by Shakespeare's play)
8 (multiple of 3 replaced by NATO phonetic alphabet) (multiple of 11 replaced by Shakespeare's play)
Steven: Foxtrot Tom: It doesn't seem to be (in order)
David: Drama Steven: Hamlet
Hey, Delta
Hey...13?
14?
[Puff] Wrong! The game is over!
water!
Multiple of three! water!
Really scared me.
This is the most complicated and troublesome Fizz Buzz I have ever played in my life.
It’s really stressful.
Amazing
I entered the finals! Wow!
That's it. The next unbeaten Hannah Nicklin is on Emma Blackery.
(Emma) Lost the first game after the fire was reborn and killed like a champion
What are you playing next time?
A game that tests the brain, its name: order and chaos
See you in the next episode
Translation: Andy Lin